feat: add music player app project (#52405)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-string-and-array-methods-by-building-a-music-player/654218753c255fabb81f57ca.md

---
id: 654218753c255fabb81f57ca
title: Step 19
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-19
---

# --description--

> Using optional chaining, access the `songs` property of `userData` and pass it to the `renderSongs` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you need to call the `renderSongs` function and pass in `userData?.songs` in order to finally display the songs in the UI.
```

Optional chaining (`?.`) helps prevent errors when accessing nested properties that might be null or undefined. For example:

```js
const user = {
  name: "Quincy",
  address: {
    city: "San Francisco",
    state: "CA",
    country: "USA",
  },
};

// Accessing nested properties without optional chaining
const state = user.address.state; // CA

// Accessing a non-existent nested property with optional chaining
const zipCode = user.address?.zipCode; // Returns undefined instead of throwing an error
```

Call the `renderSongs` function with the `songs` property of `userData`. This will render the songs in the playlist. 

# --hints--

> Test 1
> 
> ```js
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should call your `renderSongs` function with `userData?.songs`.

```js
assert.match(code, /renderSongs\(userData\?\.songs\)/)
```
```
